README.md, before:

# Regression Testing Roport Tool
## Module lists
- diff_parser
    - According to the git link output the relative code changing   
- ast_analyzer
    - Deal with raw data which is the output of diff_parser, make it readable. 
- test_linker
    - Find the relative testing api
- llm_engine
    - use llm to give the user suggestion
- reporter
    - output a human frendily report

## diff_parser.GitDiffParser
### API
* init: clone the target repo
* get_changed_files: list the files which have been changed
* load_file: return the source code of the target commit
* load_file_from_previous_commit: return the source code of the base commit
* get_diff: return the git diff result between target and base commit
#### Easy way to call api
1. Inital the class with correct parameters
2. use get_changed_files to get the name list of modified files
3. load_file and load_file_from_previous_commit to load the specific function in the output of get_changed_files
4. use the both output of load_file and load_file_from_previous_commit as an input of ast_analyzer to analyze different
### Usage
```bash
python ./RegressionTest/diff_parser.py <repo_url> [--from COMMIT] [--to COMMIT] [--keep] 
```

#### Options

- `--from`: Base commit (default: `HEAD^`)
- `--to`: Target commit (default: `HEAD`)
- `--keep`: Keep the cloned repo (default: repo is deleted after diff)

#### Examples

```bash
python ./RegressionTest/diff_parser.py https://github.com/CoverIQ/CoverIQ-Test-Assistant

python ./RegressionTest/diff_parser.py https://github.com/CoverIQ/CoverIQ-Test-Assistant --from abc123 --to def456

python ./RegressionTest/diff_parser.py https://github.com/CoverIQ/CoverIQ-Test-Assistant --keep
```

Commit message:

Pipeline finished
1. get the source code
2. get modify code and also it parents, label with modify, removed,
   indirect_dependents, and add.
3. find test file and see whether it contain the modify files
4. according to these relation which we found in previous steps, ask llm
   to give suggestion( haven't link to llm
5. create report format

README.md, after:

# Regression Testing Roport Tool
## Module lists
- diff_parser
    - According to the git link output the relative code changing   
- ast_analyzer
    - Deal with raw data which is the output of diff_parser, make it readable. 
- test_linker
    - Find the relative testing api
- llm_engine
    - use llm to give the user suggestion
- reporter
    - output a human frendily report

## GitDiffParser
 `GitDiffParser` is a Python tool for analyzing file-level differences between two commits in a GitHub repository. It automatically clones the repository, compares file versions between the specified commits, and outputs diffs for each changed file.

---

### 🚀 Features

- Clone any public GitHub repository (temporary or persistent).
- Show which files changed between two commits.
- View the diff content of each changed file.
- Load full file content from both the current and previous commits.

---

### 🧰 Requirements

- Python 3.6+
- Git must be installed and available in your system's PATH

---

### 📦 Installation

No installation needed. Just clone this repository and run the script directly:
### API
* init: clone the target repo
* get_changed_files: list the files which have been changed
* load_file: return the source code of the target commit
* load_file_from_previous_commit: return the source code of the base commit
* get_diff: return the git diff result between target and base commit
#### Easy way to call api
1. Inital the class with correct parameters
2. use get_changed_files to get the name list of modified files
3. load_file and load_file_from_previous_commit to load the specific function in the output of get_changed_files
4. use the both output of load_file and load_file_from_previous_commit as an input of ast_analyzer to analyze different
### Usage
```bash
python ./RegressionTest/diff_parser.py <repo_url> [--from COMMIT] [--to COMMIT] [--keep] 
```

#### Options

- `--from`: Base commit (default: `HEAD^`)
- `--to`: Target commit (default: `HEAD`)
- `--keep`: Keep the cloned repo (default: repo is deleted after diff)

#### Examples

```bash
python ./RegressionTest/diff_parser.py https://github.com/CoverIQ/CoverIQ-Test-Assistant

python ./RegressionTest/diff_parser.py https://github.com/CoverIQ/CoverIQ-Test-Assistant --from abc123 --to def456

python ./RegressionTest/diff_parser.py https://github.com/CoverIQ/CoverIQ-Test-Assistant --keep
```
